Dad, I'm back.
haven't seen you for a long time. My younger brother Qiao Cui is not stupid.
It's all for the company. Indeed Qiao Cui.
The floor is soft. Why are you so anxious?
I still miss him. That's something.
Please teach me. Something happened.
Too. I heard he got married.
How long have you been married to him?
No matter what, it will take ten days and a half.
After all, we have known each other for so many years. marry.
Yes dad. I heard that his husband is the Xie Yan of Huayue Biotechnology.
The two of them are such a beautiful couple.
I heard go. younger brother.
You should pay more attention to your body
My sister will be worried if you do this
I also understand the company situation
You've had a lot of deaths recently
Those people are useless these days
Find a mirror
Afraid that others won’t know something
i from now on
You listen after everything in the company
Since you are tired and in a bad state
Don't do this, I know I'm wrong
I told you
You have to know what you want
You don't know what you want
You rest